Here is the exact status based on what the deployment service returned:

Deployment Status
Field	Value	Meaning
isDeployed	true	A deployment slot exists — the URL is reserved
hasSuccessfulBuild	false	No build has ever completed successfully
primaryUrl	braintam-learning.replit.app	URL is allocated but serving nothing
deploymentType	autoscale	Correct type for an API + frontend
Logs	None	The server has never started in production
Diagnosis
The deployment was created at some point, but a working build has never been published.

"This app isn't live yet" is the exact Replit message for a deployment slot that exists with no successful build behind it. The URL is reserved, but there is nothing to serve.

This is not a build failure with error logs — a build failure would have logs. There are zero logs, which means either:

Publish was never clicked after the deployment was created, or
A publish attempt was started but abandoned before completing
Exact steps to make it live
Step 1 — Set required secrets first (before publishing)
In Replit, open Secrets (the padlock icon in the left sidebar) and confirm these exist:

Secret	Required for
NEON_DATABASE_URL	Database — the API server will crash without this
SESSION_SECRET	Session signing
CLERK_SECRET_KEY	Student auth
CLERK_PUBLISHABLE_KEY	Student auth
RAZORPAY_KEY_ID	Payment routes
RAZORPAY_KEY_SECRET	Payment routes
RAZORPAY_WEBHOOK_SECRET	Webhook signature verification
The first two (NEON_DATABASE_URL, SESSION_SECRET) are already marked as available in your environment. Confirm the Clerk and Razorpay secrets are set before publishing — a missing secret will cause the API server to start but malfunction silently.

Step 2 — Click Publish
In Replit, click the Publish button (top-right, rocket icon or "Deploy" button). Select:

Deployment type: Autoscale (already configured)
No other settings need to change
This triggers the build:

pnpm --filter @workspace/api-server run build → compiles the Express server
pnpm --filter @workspace/braintam run build → compiles the React frontend
Health check hits /api/healthz — if it returns 200, the deployment goes live
Step 3 — Watch the build log
The Publish panel shows a live build log. The build takes approximately 60–90 seconds. A successful build ends with the health check passing and the URL going green.

Step 4 — Verify
Once live, test:

https://braintam-learning.replit.app/api/healthz

Should return 200 OK. If it does, the backend is live and ready for Razorpay webhook configuration.

Nothing in the code is blocking deployment
The build config in artifact.toml is correct, the TypeScript passes clean, and both workflows run without errors in development. The only action needed is clicking Publish.