Oda Class values your trust. In order to honour that trust, Oda Class adheres to ethical standards in gathering, using, and safeguarding any information you provide.

Pigeon Education India Private Limited (operating under the brand name ‘Oda Class’), is a leading edtech company, incorporated in India, for imparting learning. For the sake of brevity of understanding this Privacy Policy the company will be hereinafter referred as Oda Class.

This privacy policy governs your use of the application ‘Oda Class’ (“Application”), www.odaclass.com (“Website”) and the other associated/ancillary applications, products, websites and services managed by the company- Pigeon Education India Private Limited.

Please read this privacy policy (“Policy”) carefully before using the Application, Website, and any other Oda Class services and products, along with the Terms of Use (“ToU“) provided on the Application and on the Website. Your use of the Website, Application, or services in connection with the Application, Website or any other Oda Class products or services (“Services”), or registrations with us through any mode or use of any products including that of SD cards, tablets or other storage/transmitting device shall signify your acceptance of this Policy and your agreement to be legally bound by the same. Your use of ‘Oda Class-‘The Learning App’ in any electronic form or device shall be bound by the terms and conditions enumerated and agreed upon hereunder with your willful and free consent.

If you wish not to agree with any of the terms and conditions of this Policy, kindly refrain from using the Website, Application or Services.

Information we collect
The Application/Website/Services collects the following personally identifiable information when you download and register for the Application/Website/Services, and/or when you use our Application/Website/Services :

Contact Information. When you register with us, we generally collect your name, age, email address, phone number, password and your child's educational interests.
Demographic information. We might collect information related to your purchases, response to any offers, or download or use of any Services from us.
Other Information. If you use our website, we may collect information you provide us when you contact us for help. In addition, the Application/Website/Services may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Website/Application/Services. As is true for most Mobile applications, Oda Class also collects other relevant information as per the permissions that you provide.
(collectively, “Information”)

Use of your personal information
We use your Information to provide you with our Services.
We further use Information to contact you from time to time, to provide you with important information related to our Services, required notices and marketing promotions. Oda Class will request you when it needs more Information.
Oda Class further uses your Information to analyse site trends and customer interests, to conduct research, to administer the Website/Application/Services, to learn about each user’s learning patterns and movements around the Website/Application/ Services and to gather demographic information and usage behaviour about its user base as a whole.
Aggregated and individual, anonymized and non-anonymized data may periodically be transmitted to external service providers to help us improve the Website/Application/ Services. Oda Class will share your Information with third parties only in the ways that are described below in this Policy.
We further use your Information to improve our products and services. Oda Class may use the individual data and behavior patterns combined with your personal information to provide you with personalized content, and to better your learning objectives/experience. Third parties provide certain services which we may use to analyze the data and information you provide to us to personalize, drive insights and help better your experience or reach out to you with more value -added applications, products, information and services. However, these third-party companies do not have any independent right to share this information. Oda Class does not sell, trade or rent your Information to any third party unless, we have been expressly authorized by you either in writing or electronically to do so. Oda Class may at times provide aggregate statistics about its customers, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third parties, however this information when disclosed will be in an aggregate form and does not contain any of your Information.
We use your Information to send you transactional communications. Oda Class will occasionally send email notices or contact you to communicate about its Services, products and benefits, as they are considered an essential part of the Services that you have chosen.
Email Opt-Out
You can, at any time while using the Application/Website/Services, also have an option to withdraw your consent given earlier to it, to use such Information, including any sensitive personal data or information. Withdrawal of the consent by you is required to be sent in writing to us at the contact details provided in this Policy below. In any such event, Oda Class or the Company fully reserves the right to withdraw further usage of the Application/Website or cease to provide any further Services to you.

Sharing of information with third – parties
We may share you Information with third parties who perform services on our behalf, including third parties situated outside India. Oda Class uses an outside credit card processing company to bill you for the goods and services availed by you. These companies do not retain, share, store or use your Information for any other purpose.

We may share your Information in furtherance of our obligations under any applicable laws. We may further share your information to respond to a court order or summons. We may also share your Information upon request from a government agency or investigatory body requests or when we are investigating potential fraud.

We may further share your Information with our business partners and with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, including partners and service providers situated outside India. Such third-party entities do not have an independent use of the Information that Oda Class discloses to them, and do not further transfer or publish the Information we share with them. They have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this Policy and under applicable laws, including providing adequate security measures for the Information that Oda Class shares with them.

Access to your Personal Information
Oda Class will provide you with the means to ensure that your Information is correct and current. If you have filled out a user profile, we will provide an obvious way for you to access and change your profile from the Application/Services/Website. Oda Class adopts stringent security measures to protect your password from being exposed or disclosed to anyone. Upon forgetting the password for your profile on the Application/Website/Services, Oda Class will have a right to reset the same for you with your prior approval as per standard web practices.

Cookies
Oda Class sends cookies (small files containing a string of characters) to your computer, thereby uniquely identifying your browser. Cookies are used to track your preferences, help you login faster, and are aggregated to determine user trends. This data is used to improve Oda Class offerings, such as providing more content in areas of greater interest to a majority of users. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.

Disclaimer:
Some of Oda Class features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.

Links
Oda Class may present links to third-party websites in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. Oda Class uses this information to improve its customized content. Clicking on these links may take you to sites outside the Oda Class Website/Application. Oda Class is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other third-party web sites. Oda Class encourages its users to read the EULA/T&Cs of each such third-party website that may collect their personally identifiable information.

Alerts
Oda Class may alert you by email or phone (through SMS/ phone call) to inform you about its new service offerings or other information which it perceives might be useful for you.

Public Forums
When you use certain features on the Website/Application/Services like the discussion forums and you post or share any content such as comments, messages, files, photos, your Information in such content will be available to all users, and will be in the public domain. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose Information in your profile or when posting on its forums this Information may become publicly available.

Security
Oda Class is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your Information. Oda Class provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Information it processes and maintains. An illustration being, Oda Class limits access to this Information to authorized employees only who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve its Application/Services /Website. Please be aware that, although Oda Class endeavours to provide stringent security, for all Information it possesses and maintains, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

How long does Oda Class retain user data?
Currently, Oda Class retains user Information while a user’s account is active on its Application/Website and for at least three years afterwards. It may alter this practice according to legal and business requirements. For example, it may lengthen the retention period for some data if needed to comply with applicable law or voluntary codes of conduct. Unless otherwise prohibited, it may shorten the retention period for some types of data if needed to free up storage space.

Log information
When you access Oda Class Website/Application/Services, its servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, internet protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.

User communications
When you send an email or other communication to Oda Class, it may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our Services.

Parental Choices and Controls
At any time, you can request that we delete from our records the Information we have collected in connection with that account. Please keep in mind that a request to delete records may lead to a termination of an account, membership, or other services. You may review and update certain of your Child's Information by logging onto your account.

You can contact Oda Class to request access to, change, or delete your Child's Information, or revoke consent for our collection, use, and sharing of Information, by sending an email to us at support@pigeonedu.com. A valid request to delete Information will be accommodated within a reasonable time. In addition to the foregoing, we will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to delete Information collected from Children when it is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected.

Changes to this Statement
As Oda Class evolves, its privacy policy will need to evolve as well to cover new situations. You are advised to review this Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of our Website/Application/Services shall be deemed to provide your approval and consent to all changes.

Your Consent
Oda Class believes that, every user of our Application/Services/Website must be in a position to provide an informed consent prior to providing any Information required for the use of the Application/Services /Website. By registering with Oda Class, you are expressly consenting to its collection, processing, storing, disclosing and handling of your Information as set forth in this Policy now and as amended by us. You understand that processing, your Information includes, but is not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining, sharing, transferring and disclosing of Information. If you reside outside India your Information will be transferred, processed and stored in accordance with the applicable data protection laws of India.

Contact Information
Oda Class Grievance Officer shall undertake all reasonable efforts to address your grievances relating to the processing of your Information at the earliest possible opportunity and no later than one month from the date of receipt of your complaint. You may contact our Grievance Officer at:
Grievance Officer: Priya Bharti
Address: IndiQube Fore, Carmelaram Rd, Carmelaram, Ambedkar Nagar, Chikkabellandur, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560035.

Reach out to us on support@pigeonedu.com, in case of any queries.